Note. My step-daughter, Madeline, was about a year old when I married her mother, Jessica. Madeline’s father died before she was born.  Madeline is currently 15, and she’s rebelling for almost everything. She did something bad, so while picking her up, I set a punishment up for her. Then she said “You’re not my dad. I don’t have to follow you”. Honestly, I got a bit hurt from that. But I understand that she didn’t mean it, and that she’d probably change. I just replied “I’m still your legal guardian for the next 3 years, and as long as your in my house, you have to follow my rules.”  That happened about 2 days ago. So our family was going grocery shopping, when Madeline said “I’m hungry. I need food.” I decide to be extremely cheeky and say “Hi Hungry, I’m not your dad.” My son just started to laugh uncontrollably. My daughter was just quiet with embarrassment. And my wife was berating me “Not to stoop down to her level.”  I honestly thought it was a funny dad joke. And my son agrees. So AITA? Edit: I did adopt her. So legally I am her parent. Mini Update: I’ll probably give a full update later but here is what happened so far. I go to my daughter’s room after dinner and begin talking with her. “Hey. I’m really sorry that I hurt you by the words I said. And I am really your dad. I changed your diapers, I met your boyfriend, and I plan on helping you through college. And plus I’m legally your dad, so we’re stuck together. But seriously, I’m going to love you like my daughter even if you don’t think I’m your dad. Then I hugged her. She did start to cry. I assume that’s good.
We had a family dinner this evening. My family has four kids in total: me, my elder sister (29F), younger sister (24F) and youngest brother (22M).Extended family attended our family dinner. So all of our significant others, our cousins, aunts and uncles etc. During the dinner my elder sister and youngest brother got into a mild disagreement. My sister seemed (at least to me) to be coming across as very aggressive out of frustration and losing said argument. The two of them were too absorbed in their argument to realise the rest of us were getting a bit fed up.Eventually my sister got really fed up and said “Shut up, I’m not going to argue with a 22 year old virgin.” My brother hadn’t done any personal attacks up until that point, it was completely unprovoked. I think it might have been the alcohol as my sister is a mean drunk. Anyway, I immediately told my sister to grow up and that she was making an embarrassment of herself. She replied by saying everyone knows he’s a virgin and she didn’t say anything wrong. This annoyed me as my bro definitely has confidence issues and doesn’t need to be made fun of like this.So I responded by saying how she slept with well over a hundred men while she was in college, and that since everyone in the family knows this it’s not a big deal right? Turns out her husband didn’t know this amazingly, I genuinely assumed he must have known. he left the party angrily saying my sister mislead him about her past.Family is blaming me for their marital problems. I refuse to accept I did anything wrong. My sister bullied my brother in front of everyone, all I did was give her a taste of her own medicine.
My (56M) wife died at the young age of 51 from a car accident. I was in deep mourning for about a year after her death. I met my new GF C (43F) around January. C was the one who made me laugh for the first time after my wife died. She’s smart as hell (3 Ivy League degrees), has a dark sense of humor that I love, a terrific cook, and overall an amazing woman who I can imagine spending the rest of my life with. She is also on the heavier side, a fact that becomes relevant later.I have 2 children, E (25M) and A (19F). They were well aware that I had gotten a new GF before I first introduced them to C this summer. She got along immediately with E, but A was very very standoffish. After that initial meeting I asked A if there was something wrong but she denied it. C made a few more attempts to get to know A but they were all rudely rejected.E and A both came home for Thanksgiving dinner. I asked A to please be polite during the meal since she’s always been rude in her interactions with C even though C has been nothing but gracious in return. The dinner was going as well as it could have for the first 10 minutes, although I noticed A glaring at C the entire time. When C went to grab her third helping of mashed potatoes, A said “Don’t you think you’ve eaten enough, you fat pig?” C started sobbing immediately and ran off into the bedroom. I felt my face turn red and told A to get out. About half an hour after A left I texted her stating that I would no longer pay her tuition unless 1. She apologized to C and 2. C accepts her apology. A must have assumed that I was bluffing because she instead doubled down on her behavior during Thanksgiving dinner. I then logged into her university’s tuition payment website, canceled next semester’s tuition, and sent A the screenshots. She called me crying and begging me to reconsider but I told her my mind was made up.
My friends are dating, they’re also actors who have had small roles on a few tv shows (I’m talking two lines or less). I say this not to be a hater, I truly am rooting for them, but to give you a scope of their reach. Neither of them have a following in real life or on social media (they’ve got under 1500 followers combined). Anyway last week I posted a group picture on Instagram of people celebrating a friends birthday. Everyone in the photo has got their arms around each other’s shoulders. Very platonic. Anyway yesterday in a group chat between the three of us they asked me to take the photo down because they don’t want “the public” to know they are dating. I would consider it if they looked bad/too sloppy drunk/etc. but they don’t. Also everyone has their arms around each other, not just them. Anyway I asked what they meant, and they said they didn’t want to end up in gossip rags....I pointed out that they are not famous and that they don’t even have functioning IMDb pages. They were livid and called me a bunch of names. I think they’re delusional but they’ve been texting me demanding it and even sent me screenshots of them reporting it (nothing has happened). At this point, I don’t even want to be their friend. However, and probably because I’m an asshole, I don’t want to delete it based solely on principle.Edit: okay, so many of y’all are right. I suppose I should separate how I feel about their (ridiculous/delusional/stupid) reasoning with the fact that no one should have an image of themselves online that they don’t want made public. I’ll take it down.
This line at a Starbucks I went to was really long. I was in line for a good maybe 20 minutes. Until this lady in a Mercedes tries to cut in front of me and like 8 others behind me. I laid on the horn and tried to block her from cutting me but she succeeded anyway and flipped me off. Okay. I’m the type of person who will not let someone get away with shit like this. So I waited until she pulls up and as soon as she tries to order, I honk. She then looks at me with a dirty look and gives me the finger which I already had a middle finger of my own ready for her. Each time she makes an attempt to order something I honk and sometimes lay on the horn for 3 seconds. We stopped as soon as she drove off. We then ordered and went about our day. I just can’t people who are extremely rude like that lady and I couldn’t simply let this go. AITA for this?
Ever since we(27) had a baby, my wife had been talking like a baby herself.Rather than teaching the baby to talk like a person, it's as if my wife's language has become baby-like. She would make noises in between conversations like "Bo-dee-bo-dee-chooop" and "Awowo-fwatata", even when talking with adults. This is especially embarrassing when I am with her in public places, when she talks like that to complete strangers. I have been telling nicely to her to not do that but she would just laugh it off, totally oblivious to how people around us stare whenever she talk like a baby. I have to point out that she is not in the spectrum, just a crazy new mum, in fact too crazy sometimes.It was a day off for us when we have my parents babysitting the baby and we finally have some time by ourselves. We went out for dinner and she done it again, talking to the waiter, something like this:"Yippy thanks ya-ha-ha-hah. Owoyoyaya by the way can you give us an extra plate for this?"Seeing how the waiter staring at her as if she is some kind of mentality challenged. I rolled my eyes and told her:"I am taking a break today and don't need another baby who cannot even talk properly to look after. Please excuse me." Then I left the restaurant without her. I don't know what occurred to me but I probably shouldn't have done that, but I guess it kinda just snapped. AITA?
I am 31, and have an identical twin brother. For a while I’ve told my wife that none of her family members notice me or care about anything I do on Christmas Eve but they insist on me attending. She told me that’s not true, they genuinely like me and enjoy talking to me. But I know that the only times they’ve included me I had to basically insert myself into conversations and it feels awkward and unnatural. So I had a wager with my wife. Bring my twin brother Steve instead of me, and see if anyone notices. I purposefully did not prep Steve on anything, he went in completely clueless (he knew why we were doing it and was game. I gave him $20.)  As I suspected, Steve confirmed that he wasn’t approached all night, nobody could tell he wasn’t me, and he admitted he even felt excluded and he could only imagine how I felt. So this morning on Christmas I invited Steve to join (normally he’s with my mom and dad every year as he’s not married or in a relationship.) they know about him obviously but didn’t know about the switcheroo. That was when I revealed that last night “I” was Steve and expressed disappointment that nobody noticed and said this is why I stopped trying, nobody talks to me. My wife drew the line here, she was hoping we would keep this between the two of us as a funny prank. But how can I expect her family to see what jerks they’ve been if I don’t expose it? FWIW Steve was fine.
For reference, my brother Connor is 19, I am 26, and my (now ex) fiancé Hunter is 28. Also for reference, already mentioned in the title, but my brother was kicked out when he was 16 because our parents snooped through his phone and found out he was in gay.Connor had a birthday last weekend, so he invited his friends over and they were all (18-22 year olds) drinking and playing games. Hunter and I were about to head out to let them have the place to themselves, when Connor asked if we wanted to join them. I initially refused (bit too old to be playing drinking games), but he insisted and Hunter thought it’d be fun to act like college students again.We all got pretty drunk and Connor had the idea of playing Never Have I Ever. A few rounds in, the statement “Never Have I Ever cheated before” came up.Now’s a good time to mention that Hunter is **staunchly** against cheating. His ex-fiancé cheated on him and it emotionally wrecked him. And unfortunately, as a lot of dumb, immature 17 year olds do, I cheated on my “boyfriend” of 5 months. It was a stupid mistake, he found out, and (understandably) ended things. This was almost a decade ago, I obviously learned my lesson, and look back at that time with shame (and obviously never cheated since).Well my brother knows about this so when I didn’t drink, he went “hey sis, what the hell? You know you cheated on (*insert ex’s name*). You have to drink to that!”My boyfriend paused, looked at me, looked at him, and just walked out of the room. I followed him and tried to talk to tell him that it was a stupid teenaged mistake, but he wasn’t haven’t any of it and ended things on the spot. I’m numb. I’m heartbroken. He was my everything and more and I still don’t know how I’m going to move on.Connor tried to apologize, but I feel nothing but sadness and emptiness. This morning I served him an eviction notice. He begged me to stay and said he didn’t mean to ruin my relationship and he just didn’t think when he said those words. I just can’t look at him right now. He ruined my life. After I raised him and cared for him like he was my own. I feel so hurt. Am I being unreasonable?
I was hanging out with a friend of mine and a group of her friends. We were all talking and having drinks, and the topic of dating comes up in conversation. For some background information I’ve only had one boyfriend (I’m 24) we dated for 4 years, and broke up about a year ago. I’m mostly a loner. I’m fine with being single right now and have no interest in dating at the moment. My friend knows this. She starts lightly teasing me in front of her friends, pretty much calling me a spinster. She “dates” a lot. Every week she tells me about two or so guys that she’s slept with. This kind of started a pile on, where everyone was teasing me, and giving me unsolicited advice. I tried to placate it, but she kept bringing the conversation back to me and my (lack of) a sex life. Eventually I got really heated, and just said “so is your crotch still burning or is that cleared up? What did they say about that? Was it guy 104 or 105 that gave it to you?”Like three weeks ago she called me crying to take her to the clinic because she had painful itchy blisters on her groin, turned out to be herpes. I did it without judging her at the time. She quickly stood up and left the table. I tried to follow her to apologize and she went off about me outing her to her friends. She was telling me how I was the only person she trusted, and she couldn’t believe I would act that way. I tried to remind her how she and her friends were dog piling me, and she said it was just jokes, I didn’t have to react that way. We are obviously not speaking right now. Was what I did justifiable self defense? I know I probably wouldn’t have done it without liquid courage.Edit:1. I did ask her to stop, i was trying to keep things friendly. 2. I did not say that she had herpes. I said she had a burning crotch.
Me (28M) and fiancee (27F) have been together for 4 years, engaged for 6 months. I also have a 7 year-old lab mix who is the greatest dog in existence.On Saturday, fiancee had a bachelorette party at home. I stayed with my parents but I left the dog with her because she likes having him there. However, *I made sure to tell her to put the dog in our bedroom once the party gets going*.5am on Sunday I get a frantic call that something's wrong with the dog. She was drunk, so I told her to get a taxi and go to the emergency vet clinic. When I got there, she looked like she hadn't stopped crying for hours and she couldn't even speak. Two of her friends were there so they told me my dog is alive but not well. I felt sorry for her for an entire 10 minutes while waiting for the doctor.But then, the doctor told me my dog ingested large amounts of alcohol and chocolate edibles. The girls apparently thought it would be cool to leave everything out on short coffee tables, leave the dog to wander around instead of putting him in our bedroom, and then get wasted and not notice he was going to town with the booze and edibles.When we got home, I told my fiancee to pack and get out of my house and my life. I told her to tell her guests the wedding is off, and I'll tell mine. She was shocked, but she took her things and left.2 hours later, I get bombarded by messages on Messenger, Whatsapp, by her sisters, brother, brother's wife, her mom, her friends, telling me that I am insane to do this to her after 4 years. They started off defending her, but it quickly turned into insulting me.The logical thing for me to do was look for comfort in my friends and family. Nope. They all fucking agree. My mom said: "Well, it was a mistake, she didn't do it on purpose, besides - the dog didn't die!" Lucky me, eh? My dog didn't fucking die!My sister was appalled that I cancelled the wedding "over *that*?!" and even my best man said I might have overreacted. Yes, our relationship has had ups and downs, but it's mostly worked fine. But I am so disgusted at my fiancee that I can't even imagine looking her in the eye, let alone spending my whole life with her. She isn't fucking 17, she is 27!By the way, this is not the first dumb thing she has done. She likes to text while driving, she always leaves stuff on the electric stove (like kitchen towels, the cutting board etc.) even though she has turned on the wrong burner and burnt whatever was on it several times in the past, and similar DANGEROUS things. It's not something I hold against her in the sense that I would ever mention in a fight, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried that she might end up killing herself or someone else. For example, my dog.I'm 99% sure I will stand by my decision. But am I really an asshole? Literally nobody is on my side and I have no idea what to think.**Edit: Posting here kind of triggered me to conclude this isn't about the dog at all. She is negligent and irresponsible and I don't want to stick around and possibly see our child die in a car accident some day because she was texting or she forgot to put his seat belt on. I'd rather be an asshole now than spend years of my life worrying every time our child is left alone with her. If she'd accidentally killed a person while texting and driving, I would also leave her. I guess I realized I don't want to spend my life with someone who has such blatant disregard for human (or animal) life.**
Me and Diomara (12F) have had a rough summer.  She's been more defiant than usual.  I've been dating her Mom Mara (30F) for 2 years now.  9 moths ago, they moved in with me, Maple (33M).  Both Dio and Mara have an on again/off again relationship with Dio's Dad (Dynasis).  He's pretty much never paid child support, comes and goes as he pleases into Dio's life.   Typical shitty-ass part time Dad.  I've tried to fill the Dad role in her life, while still understanding boundaries, taking things slow, etc.  This summer Dynasis decides he wants to be a real Dad and takes Dio in for a month.  Good for him, not my business, and Mara agrees.  When Dio came back home because school started she was a lot different.  Really mean to me, very dismissive.  A few days ago she got caught shoplifting at the mall.  Security took her in then called Mara, who didn't answer, then called Dynasis, who didn't answer, and finally me.  I answered.  They told me I had to pick her up or she'll be handed over to juvenile.  I didn't say anything to her while I picked her up.  I apologized to security, apologized to the store.  I even tipped the security guards plus the store employees because its fucked up they had to deal with that.  I assured them Dio would be punished appropriately.  I'm speaking to her in a strong, affirmative, voice while we're in the car.  NOT yelling, but in a fatherly tone, I suppose.  I'm telling her how fucked up it is to steal, and how I dont fuck with thieves, and how I absolutely don't voluntarily fuck with any kind of police so I don't appreciate any of this nor will I accept it in my house.  She snaps back that I'm not her Dad so don't ever tell her what to do.  From now on, if I wanna tell her something I need to clear it with her real father first.  That killed my soul.  For the past year or so, I've treated her as my own daughter.  I've paid for their housing, I've paid for her moms car, her schooling, her food, everything.  Her bio Dad dropped $100 check off one time in the past year.  The fuckin check bounced so I had to call him up and he brought cash over.  I told Mara about all of this.  She was appalled at what Dio said, but she never made Dio apologize because "she's not wrong, you're not her Dad."A couple of days later Dio asks me for some money to pay for her uniform/accessories she needs for a sport she's involved in.  I say go ask your Dad.  She scoffs and says her Dad doesn't have the money for it, so I have to pay for it.  I tell her...I'm not her Dad so don't ever tell me what I have to pay for.  She cried to Mara, who tells me I'm not being an adult about the situation.  Mind you, I never received an apology or a thanks for our entire previous situation.  Mara says Dio is a kid and I need to stop acting like a kid too.
**UPDATE HAS BEEN POSTED AT THE BOTTOM**My husband Jake and I have been together for six years, and he has been friends with Carly for two years longer than that. I suspect that Carly has feelings for Jake, but he has never had feelings for her. I've never been thrilled about their friendship, but I trust my husband and have total confidence that he would never cheat. A year ago, Carly moved into our neighborhood. She lives alone, and she picked up the habit of asking Jake to help her with house work and maintenance. When her water heater broke, she called Jake. When she needed help setting up a TV, she called Jake. When her trees needed trimming, she called Jake. Etc. Etc. You get the idea. Jake and Carly also work near each other downtown, and a few days a week she'll ask him for a ride to work when she doesn't "feel like driving." She's also started dropping by our house unannounced, usually when she's having a bad day and wants to vent to Jake about it. She relies on him heavily for emotional support 24/7. While I've tried to be patient and respectful of my husband's friendship with her, I have become less and less tolerant of Carly in the past few months as I feel she's become a constant presence in our marriage. The final straw came yesterday. As a medical worker, I've been pulling insanely long hours at the hospital. Yesterday I finally had a day off and I was very excited to spend some time with Jake. Just after breakfast, he received a text from Carly asking if he can help her move some furniture around because she decided to redecorate. He told her he can't because it's my day off and we're spending the day together. She then calls him and explains that it shouldn't take more than an hour, and her living room is a mess and she really could use his help getting things in order. At this point, I snapped. I took the phone and told her that Jake had said no and she needs to respect that he wants to spend time with me, his wife. When she started to argue, I said "I'm sorry Carly but I think it's time for you to find your own husband," and hung up. Jake was shocked and thought that I was far too harsh. He thinks that I should have some compassion and said "How would you feel if you were 35 and alone and without many friends? I feel sorry for her." At that, I questioned whether or not I was actually in the wrong here. Reddit, AITA?Edit: you all are right. I should not have included a description of Carly's physical appearance. It's not relevant to the story.**UPDATE!!!!!**Jake and I drank some wine and had a long talk about Carly. We both apologized. I said I was sorry for making a harsh comment to Carly, and he apologized for making me feel like he sometimes prioritizes her needs over mine. He said I will always be his #1 priority, and moving forward he will make that extra extra extra clear to Carly. He said that he should have set boundaries long ago and that Carly needs to learn to be less dependent on him. After that, we drank more wine and went through the comments on this post. We had a lot of laughs, plenty of things we agreed and disagreed with, and a lot of eye rolls. Reddit, you never fail to entertain.Special shout-out to u/Dszquphsbnt u/1000livesofmagic and u/PaleHero. We enjoyed your comments the most.After further discussion, Jake decided to give Carly a call. I apologized for my comment, and then I gave the phone to Jake and left the room so they could talk. I didn't hear the conversation, but according to Jake it did not go well. Carly was upset and defensive when Jake told her she was in the wrong for arguing after he and I had both told her no about the furniture moving issue. She didn't think she had crossed any lines and she told Jake that I was being too sensitive, controlling, and that I'm trying to end their friendship. Jake defended me and said it was his own idea to set boundaries and that I've never told him to stop being friends with her. They were both upset when the conversation ended. If either of us hear from her in the upcoming days I'll post another update.Thank you all for your thoughtful comments and insight. We sincerely appreciate it. Except for those of you who commented that Jake must be cheating on me - y'all are the biggest assholes here.For the record: after reading the comments Jake and I would both vote ESH on my post.
For the past month my 24 year old niece has been living with us. I'll call her Princess because that's what her parents call her most of the time. She is a medical researcher (Studied medicine but wasn't interested in the practical side of things more interested in the theoretical) and took up a position near where we live, and my sister convinced me to let her stay so she can save money. I was apprehensive because I know this girl has been coddled and babied since she was little. We have a 4 bedroom house. Me and my husband, my son (16), my daughter (21) and our 4 year old rottweiler Freddie. I told sister that Princess would have to sleep on the sofa in the living room which she seemed OK with, but when she arrived both mother and daughter set about trying to convince me to clear out the dog's room and let her sleep in it. Princess even said it would be OK to make him sleep outside because ''it's just a dog''. It's getting a lot colder now and I'd never let Freddie sleep outside. I told Princess that this is where she'd sleep, take it or leave it, and she was and still is really sulky about it, sulking about how we think a dog is more important than her. In all honesty I was right in thinking having Princess stay is more trouble than it's worth. She goes out clubbing and partying a lot and makes no effort to keep the noise down when she comes home in the early hours of the morning. Since she's arrived the living room smells of weed and that smell definitely wasn't there before she came. She's also rude to my kids. My daughter got engaged and we were all delighted, but Princess was lovely enough to say that if her BF had gotten her a ''cheap'' ring like that she wouldn't even get out of bed for the wedding. Daughter was in tears because of this and both husband and I had a word with Princess, who then cried and phoned up her mother saying we were rude to her. Had another phone call with sister today, and she still tried to convince me to put her daughter in the dog's room. I made clear this wasn't happening and sister got upset with me saying how nasty it was to value pets over family. I also said that her daughter was skating thin ice and that I wouldn't tolerate her behaviour for much longer. Sister was very offended and said we should be happy to have her daughter there. Sorry but how can I be happy to have a spoiled overgrown child who keeps trying to steal a room from a dog in my home?EDIT: A lot of replies here who don't seem to understand the situation. I won't say too much as apparently arguing gets you banned from here. Firstly to the people who have claimed I was acting snobby about Princess's job. That wasn't the case. I wasn't saying that she was more interested in the theoretical side of things so that I could say she's ''only a researcher''. On the contrary, I specifically mentioned that she studied medicine so that people understood that she had a well paid job in a selective intellectual field and wasn't some lab assistant or something like that. She earns enough that she could afford a place of her own if she wanted. She just wanted more money to herself. Also, the people who claim that I was being nasty to her because I didn't like her and things like that. I don't dislike her at all. I was apprehensive about having her because having known her since she was born, I've seen many of her tantrums and seen her parents give in to them over and over again even into her adulthood. I was worried about how things would turn out since we wouldn't give into her demands. She has tried to pick on both my children when she was a teenager and we went through a period a few years back when my daughter refused to visit their home because Princess constantly bullied her. Regarding the dog's room. There isn't any furniture in Freddie's room that a 24 year old woman could comfortably sleep on, and we weren't about to go and buy furniture since we didn't know how long she'd be staying. And for those who think I was trying my best to make her uncomfortable, not at all. We tried our best to make her feel welcome. Gave her as much space as she wanted and left the living room whenever she needed privacy. We gave her food and while she brought more than enough clothes for home, I went clothes shopping with her and was happy to pay out of my own pocket. Within her first week here, Princess couldn't stop laughing when my daughter told her what she did for a living (hairdresser), said that Freddie should sleep outside and shouted at my husband because he hadn't cooked dinner quick enough, so you can't blame all this on me. Regarding the weed and clubbing thing: I've nothing against weed use. I smoked it a few times as a teenager, as did my husband, and I'm 99% sure my kids have both done it at some point, but that fact is it's completely illegal in this country. If she was doing it away from the house I would not care at all. I wouldn't even have too much of a problem if she was smoking it outside, but it is obvious from the strong smell that she is smoking it in the house. I'm well aware that going out clubbing and making noise is what most people her age do. However, this particular 24 year old doesn't bother to take her high heels off when she comes in, and as we have a wooden floor we can hear her stomping around in them which wakes us all up. Last but not least, I didn't call her ''Princess'' on here offensively. I wasn't going to put her real name on here obviously, and the fact is her parents genuinely do nickname her Princess most of the time, and she doesn't mind it when they call her it.
My brother Jake (18M) and I (17F) had the same dream college, H University. Also, in case you’re confused by the ages, we’re 1.5 years apart, but I skipped a grade so we were in the same grade for nearly our entire life. Jake was way more passionate about H Uni than I was. He had several H merch clothing, and kind of just assumed he was going there. For example, in conversations he’d say things like “Once I’m at H....” or “After I go to H, my plan is...”. Basically, his life plan rested on him going to H. Jake and I got along pretty well, we’d sometimes give each other advice or study together. However, during college app season, he got super competitive once he realized I was also applying to H. He’d refuse to study together, look over each other’s essays, and he’d constantly tell me to not even bother applying. Then, decisions came out and we opened them at the same time. I was accepted, and he was rejected. Jake had a massive panic attack, and instead of celebrating my acceptance with my family, I sat in my room all day because Jake would get furious when he saw me. I once even caught him trying to unlock my laptop to decline my offer, since his friend dmed me to warn that he had been talking about doing that. My parents obviously punished him for that, which made it so much worse. When my H sweatshirt came in, he screamed at me for “showing off”, when I just put it in my closet. He told so many people that I only got in because I was a girl and that H mixed the siblings up. Honestly, I felt bad for him because I would be crushed too if I were him. Everytime I tried to get him to stop, it got worse.  So I just kept tolerating it. I thought it’d get better after the summer, once college actually started. It has not. Now it’s really set in that he is going to a (good imo) state school, and not H. His anger is largely compounded by the fact that he’s going to the same college that he used to condescend other students about aiming for. My classes start soon, so I’ve been setting up in our study, which I share with Jake. Both of our rooms are tiny, with no room to study in, so we share a study with two desks that face away from each other. Jake cleared out my whole desk, and broke my lamp in the process. He says that I need to study in my room, so he can use the study without distractions for his classes. We’ve always both worn headphones, there’s literally no distraction. He just doesn’t want to see me taking classes at H. I’m so fucking done, I just want to be proud that I got into this college and actually learn shit without my brother screaming at me about it. Where IMBTA: We got into an argument, and  I told him that of course he got rejected since H didn’t take toddlers. I’ve also been wearing my H sweatshirt around the house constantly, which he gets angry about. He kept bothering me, so I superglued H rejection letters in the drawers of his desk, so he has to see them when he opens them.
My husband and I had our wedding last year. The venue was beautiful and bordered a lake. Unfortunately, during the reception, one of the young children snuck away from their parents and decided to...go for a swim, despite not being able to. This was tragic and devasting, and obviously cut the day short. We haven't really spoken to the parents since then, as we weren't close to them aside from seeing them on holidays, which haven't happened this year. We are still Facebook friends though. When our first anniversary came, I made a post celebrating our anniversary with a few wedding photos. I didn't think anything of it, until the comments came flooding in. I woke up to 30 comments and 15 missed calls. The top comment was from the mother of the child, who was outraged about it. She wrote a very long comment about how my post was disrespectful of the tragedy that had happened that day and how dare I post that and not mention her child (and of course talking to her first). 30 comments later, and it was clear that the entire family had clearly started to take sides in a battle I didn't realize I created. As of today, we're at 150 comments. My friends and my parents are involved too.Half of his family is screaming for me to take it down, apologize to the parents, and show more respect, possibly by even celebrating our anniversary on a different day. Some of the family think that we should still be able to celebrate our anniversary on the actual day, but just keep it offline to "keep peace". I don't think I did anything wrong with my post, and I feel like we should be allowed to celebrate our anniversary just like anyone else. I'm not celebrating the tragedy, I'm celebrating my wedding. AITA?**EDIT:**I have changed the post to only be visible to me and deleted all comments to try to stop the arguing, but from the email we just received, those comments were just a symptom of a larger problem. My mother in law sent us an email with, from what I can tell, roughly 3/4 of my husband's family cc'd on it. His parents, grandparents, and the parents of the child are not only in the "different day" camp, but they are also demanding a **second wedding**. According to them, they've "kept their silence" for so long due to shock and being distracted by everything else going on this year, but they feel that "because of what happened" we aren't "really married" yet in the family.They "understand that weddings are expensive" so they [husband's parents] offered to completely pay for this second wedding that will be the "real" wedding in his family's eyes, and because it may be a year or two before this can be done safely, they will "tolerate" us "living in sin" indefinitely due to "the circumstances".My husband hates arguing with his family, and I'm not sure how I would even approach this with my family without being laughed out of the room, so now we need to talk about what to do with this.**EDIT 2**I've never had this many calls in my life. My husband and I have tried to read through this and have gotten a chance to actually talk this out. We have avoided the subject for a long time because it is not an easy thing to think about and it is not like this year hasn't had stresses of its own. He agrees that while something does need to happen, it is a priority that they start and continue to acknowledge that we are in fact married. I have had a conversation with my parents at least, who were exactly as they always were, but they are now aware of the full situation, and while they still would not support a full second wedding, they understand that I have an exceptional situation and so something exceptional needs to happen. I replied to my MIL ONLY to a group zoom call with us, my parents, my husband's sister in law to set up that sets up all of their technology things, which will happen later in the day. I feel like I should address some things: 1. I did send condolences and attended the funeral. By not speaking, I meant since the funeral. I mistakenly thought that would be implied. 2. I am not heartless. I was trying to avoid the rules with the euphemism, and it is not an easy day or thing to talk about. I was trying to keep things to just what happened, which I can see coming across very strange over text. I am also aware that I write very formally but that's not something I can change. 3. The pictures and caption didn't reference the wedding itself, and there is no lake visible in the pictures. I only used ones that had just my husband and I in them, and I have sent pictures of just the bridal party before. I never have or will post pictures of the reception.4. My husband and I are looking ideas of how to fix this.
I went on a dinner double date with my girlfriend, my girlfriend’s friend Amy, and Amy’s boyfriend. We’re all in our early 20s. My girlfriend hangs out with Amy quite often. I see her from time to time, but I’ve never cared for her cheeky attitude. The tipping point was tonight. Dinner was going alright until Amy’s boyfriend innocently commented on how little my girlfriend ate. She usually gives me half her entrée. After that, Amy, who isn’t stick thin like my girlfriend, snidely remarked that my girlfriend wouldn’t need fake boobs if she ate like a real woman. I loudly told her to watch her fat goddamn mouth and that her comment was both rude and unnecessary. Amy isn’t overweight by most standards, but that adjective slipped out because of what she said prior. Many people turned their eyes toward us. My girlfriend and Amy’s boyfriend tried to quell the ruckus, but Amy got up and told me to have fun with my Barbie doll before she motioned Amy’s boyfriend to get up and leave with her. Don’t worry, you pay before you get your food at this restaurant. My girlfriend and I talked about Amy. She kept saying that Amy and some of her friends make those comments all the time and they don’t mean them to be derogatory. I tried to convince my girlfriend that no friend would make those types of comments and she’s better off without someone like Amy in her life. My girlfriend still thinks that Amy didn’t mean to hurt her with the “real woman” and “Barbie doll” comments and I didn’t read the room correctly. She told me she feared Amy not wanting to be friends with her anymore after my creating a rift between them. I couldn’t get though to her no matter how much I tried.
I'm 99% sure I'm a megga asshole but I came here to just be sure. my sister 23f is a megga pro life advocate, here is the stupid part, I held her hand a year ago when she got her abortion. she never mentions it and I can guarantee that I'm the only one who knew. I always feel like she is being super hypocritical because she got an easy access to have an abortion and then wants to take that away from others. I was getting sick of seeing her abortion kills babys posts and how she hates pro choice people so I decided to comment on one of her posts. I commented, you where definitely pro life when I held your had last year at the abortion clinic. I've now been blocked and she was banned from most of her pro life fb groups. AITA?
When my wife \[32F\] and I \[32M\] got married eighht years ago, she made about 15K more per year than I did. Our agreement at that time was that we'd keep separate checking accounts plus a joint for household expenses, with the understanding that money left over after contributions to household expenses, savings, retirement, etc. would be put in the separate accounts and we could spend it how we wanted. My wife was the one who insisted on this, and although I was not a fan (wanted joint accounts for all funds), I agreed since she felt strongly about it.A few years after we married I decided to go to law school. Long story short, I ended up at a big law firm and now earn about four times what my wife does. Since I managed not to go into debt, I have a good bit of money left over after I make my contributions to our joint expenses.My wife  asked me to reconsider this arrangement (she doesn't feel like its fair that I get to buy most of the things I want while she is on a much more limited budget), and I told her I would not reconsider it since this is what she wanted originally. I think fair is fair since this was her idea, but I do wonder if  I am wrong for refusing to reconsider our financial arrangement?AITA?
My friend is marrying my ex boyfriend of four years. It's been pretty awkward. I was kicked out of her wedding party because I was uncomfortable wearing a very revealing bridesmaid's gown. This wasn't that big of a deal as we're not exactly close since she got with my ex. However, she still expects me to take on all the duties of a bridesmaid. I told her that was ridiculous and that she needed to find a new bridesmaid. She then almost uninvited me from the wedding but instead decided I could go I follow a very specific set of rules (ranging from how to dress to who I could talk to). I was absolutely crushed as I was still looking forward to the wedding even if I wasn't going to be in it. I found out through a mutual friend who is still in the wedding party the bride continuously makes fun of me and talks shit about me constantly and so do several of the other bridesmaids. I was about to just not go when I ran into the bride's ex who is also invited to the wedding (He's the groom's cousin). He was also kicked out of the wedding party and was given a list of rules to follow. He and I have decided we're going to go together and have fun breaking as many rules that we can (such as wearing what we want to wear, drinking at the open bar, talking to whoever we want to, and dancing- WE'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DANCE). Nothing we would do would distract from the bride's big day other than breaking the ridiculously petty rules that we're supposed to follow. We're also both at the point where we're both ready to sever ties with the bride and groom. Would we be the assholes? Sorry if this was scattered, a lot happened in the past month and her wedding is in three weeks. Thanks in advance, I'm willing to accept my judgement!
This will be on a throwaway so it’s not attached to my main account. I have a lot of tattoos. My most recent tattoo is a tattoo that I designed with my husband. We got matching ones for our anniversary. It is super personal. As I was showing it off to my friends, I notice one girl in our group (who I’m not super close to) was really into it. She even took a picture of it which I thought was strange but I let it slide. Let’s call this girl Sarah. Sarah does not  have any tattoos that I know of, if she does they are really small and in unnoticed places. So a week or so later I hear through the grape vine that Sarah is trying to get a copy of my tattoo. honestly I suspected this. She told a couple of friends of mine the design, and for some reason, didn’t think that they would tell me. But here comes the crazy part, she comes to me and asks me for a recommendation for an artist. She specifically wanted one that wasn’t too expensive.I asked her what she was going to get. She was really coy with me and told me that she had not finished thinking about it yet. So I recommend the worst tattoo “artist” I know, let’s call him Bubba. I’ve gotten two “joke” tattoos from Bubba, one is terrible and blown out ,but it’s okay because it’s that duck or rabbit optical illusion. The other one I have had covered up. He works at subway during the day and gives tattoos from his garage. I knew she wouldn’t do her proper research and check him out, and she didn’t. She went and got her cheap tattoo from Bubba, and it is *fucked. up* It’s already blown out, the lines aren’t straight,  and may be infected.  My husband and I are howling about this, but a few friends of mine think what I did was really messed up. She’ll be ok, she’ll just have a really really shitty version of my tattoo. I think it’s what she deserves. So let me know reddit, AITA?
Every year on our anniversary, my fiance and I wake up early to go to the beach and watch the sunrise together. It's a very special tradition, as we have both overcome a number of personal challenges during our time together, and the symbolism of watching a new day begin is deeply meaningful for us. We decided we wanted to incorporate this into our wedding. Our plan is to have our ceremony on the beach the and have everyone walk over to a beachfront restaurant for breakfast, bloody Marys and mimosas (we've already talked to the restaurant owner about this, who loves the idea and said he'd be happy to open early for us). After that, everyone is free for the remainder of the day. Our friends and family are mostly local and should all be able to travel to the beach in under an hour, except for some extended family flying in from Canada, but that's unavoidable.Based on our geographic location and the date of the wedding next summer, we've scheduled the ceremony start time for 5:30 a.m., when there should be plenty of light but the sun itself won't be quite visible yet.We've been getting a LOT of backlash from our families about this, who say this is way too early and we need to move the ceremony to a more "normal" time of day. But my fiance and I don't feel like we're asking for anything that unreasonable. AITA?
Here because I genuinely don't know where else to turn.When I was 21 I had a one night stand that resulted in my wonderful daughter. Her father ghosted me the day after we hooked up and I decided to raise her as a single mum the day I found out I was pregnant.Throughout my pregnancy, my best friend (we'll name him Sean) became my absolute rock. We grew closer as a result of it and was even there when I delivered my daughter. We came a couple 6 months into my pregnancy and he officially adopted my daughter 3 years after she was born.We've been together for 7 years, married for 1, and have recently found out we're expecting our first baby. However, this has caused some tension from his family. His family are black and while most of them have been great, his mother (my MIL) did not support our relationship, especially his choice to adopt our daughter. She refuses to acknowledge my daughter and corrects her every time she calls her grandma.Since finding out we're pregnant, she has been going around telling everyone she is expecting her first grandchild and how we're going to be a real family. My husband just ignores her because 'this is just what she does'.However, it all came to a head recently when she said she would happily babysit our new baby, but wouldn't want our daughter around. When I asked why, she started saying how embarrassing it is for her and her son to be seen with a white child that clearly isn't theres and that she will never be part of their family.Since then she's been texting updates regarding her grandbaby. I refuse to speak to her, but my daughter keeps asking why she doesn't get to speak to her grandma. I feel so ashamed to tell her that her grandma doesn't like her because of her race. I just don't see why she can't be fully accepted and part of a family just because she's white.I want to tell her the truth and go low contact with my MIL but my husband said I would be an asshole if I told my daughter what my MIL has been saying. WIBTA if I told my daughter her grandma is ashamed of her race?**Edit:** Wow this blew up. Just thought i'd clarify a few things. My MIL is of Caribbean decent, where nobody 'disrespects' their elders. My husband has told me numerous times how she used to chase him round the house with a hairbrush if he raised his voice at her so I suppose that's why he keeps saying to 'just ignore her'.I know I probably would be an asshole, but I just don't know what to do. My daughter is such a people pleaser and she makes so much effort to try and get her grandma to like her. She keeps asking what she can do to make Grandma like her more and it just breaks my heart.Also to that woman who had the nerve to comment about the number of baby daddies I have and how weird it looks having a white and mixed child, screw you!**Edit 2:** So I showed your responses to my husband and we had a long talk about his family and our daughter. He agreed that the comments and her attitude have been out of order and he has quietly been talking to my FIL to get her to stop. However, everytime his dad brings it up, she either ignores him or completely blows up. I put my footdown and said I refuse to subject our daughter to this any longer, especially as her behaviour is getting worse and she's already favouring the baby who isn't even here yet. I told him that this is going to damage our daughter in the long term and if he doesn't do something about it, I will not let her see either of the children. He got a bit huffy at the idea of his father not seeing them, but agreed to speak to her tonight. He's completely on my side, but I think he's a bit scared of the woman? I will update you with what happens. 
So, i’m 24M. My little sister is 14 and has always been interested in art. I moved an hour and a half away when I was 18 and we don’t see eachother often, but I make a point to call/textIt was her birthday yesterday and I thought I’d splurge since she’s been going through a rough time. She’s changed schools twice due to bullying and our mom always tells me that she won’t talk to anyone, is having intense mood swings, etc. I’ve made multiple attempts to help her, but she shuts me down and gets snippy.Anyway, I got her a set of 150$ artist grade markers called Copics. I’m no art connoisseur, but apparently every artist who’s anybody has them and our parents don’t wanna spend that kind of money for her hobby (they’re about 5$ PER MARKER) and tend to give practical gifts like clothes. Whenever we’ve texted recently it’s been her ranting about them not getting them for her.even on her birthday she was like a bomb about to go off. She barely acknowledged me and only said hello when she was asked. I was excited to give her the gift but the second I opened it she grabbed them and turned to our mom, saying “See! Even he knows you should’ve got them for me!” Which I awkwardly brushed off. Everytime she opened a gift from our parents it was very snotty like “Oh, yayyyy, cheap sneakers, my favorite.” “A plaid skirt. WOW. I’m blessed.” I was prepared for an angsty teen, but I soon reached my limit. Our dad showed her a journal they bought and she suddenly yelled “I told you both exactly what I wanted but you spent the same amount of money on shit I don’t need! Fuck this!” she threw it against the wall and ran up to her room.Our parents were a lot less well-off when I was her age, and they could barely afford a birthday for me. Everytime it was a dodgy cake and a handful of clothes without holes in them, I accepted them like I was the luckiest kid ever. I would’ve never swore and yelled but she’s been very spoiled.I talked with them for awhile and apparently shes done worse before which shocks me. They think even if they can afford it now, she should learn the value of a dollar. I agree helped shape me to not have my every whim be attended to. Besides, she got what she wanted in the end, why is she still mad in the first place?Sister came back to get the markers, but I took them back. I said that she was ungrateful and I wouldn’t tolerate it. She started screaming at me but I just left the “party” prematurely with the gift in tow.My whole family is blowing up my phone because I “ruined her birthday”. In my eyes, I spent 150$ to get no thank-you and yelled at. This will teach her a valuable lesson and maybe spark a change in her teen angst phase. But my family doesn’t want to hear from me until I give it back. Considering I’ve got my entire family shitting on me, I have to wonder if I did make the wrong choice. So, reddit, AITA?
Update 2: I told my ex to cancel her vacation as my son will not be going because it affects my custody time. Yes, I told her it was okay but after her husband's stunt of saying he couldn't do the sleepover which was on my day anyways, I had to crack the whip. Let those two eat each other alive. They deserve each other.Update 1: This HILARIOUS. My son's best friend mom emailed us an invite for a sleepover which is on my DAY. I was going to see if my son wanted to go, but my ex's husband said my son could not go as he was grounded. I can react in so many ways...His mom and I are divorced and don't have much of a relationship. Cordial, but indifferent. Our son is now 11 and my ex remarried a few years ago but she was with the guy for some time.We have 50/50. She requested that she have him for two weeks for vacation. I agreed even though this ate into my time with him. Apparently, he got into it with step dad and he got grounded for a week. Well, most of that week is my week with him before he leaves for vacation with them and she asked me to see to it that his grounding continues through my time. I won't see him for three weeks. I am not saying not to punish him. Punish him when he's on their time. I have no problems with him when he's with me.I refused.I already made plans to make most if the days that I have him and I'm sure as hell am not going to cancel those plans because he mouthed off to step-dad. I don't care much for step-dad anyways. What I do with my son on my time is my business and vice-versa. Also, I don't want to set precedent where I am the parent who has to do both sides of discipline.Edit: Update: My son called him a "freaking asshole." My ex calls him the same thing when they fight. Her words, not mine. He learned it from her, not me. I don't open share my dislike for her husband. Maybe an eyeroll, but I'm too corporate and professional to do it in front of my son.
I know the title already sounds like i'm a major asshole, but there is a few more variables that need to be discussed before you make your decision. Also, this is a throwaway acct for obvious reasonsSo I meet a girl on Tinder named "Kim" and we exchange a few messages before deciding to meet up for coffee.The date is going OK, although it was a bit boring, we grabbed our cup of starbucks (i paid) we chatted for a bit and decided to drive to a cool little outdoor park to go for a walk. We drive around 30 mins to this park, listened to a bit of music on the way, still getting to know each other a bit and everything was going fine. I parked, we got out of the car and walked a bit, still chatting, nothing deep, but the usual what you do for work, hobbies etc etc.I had to take a leak, so I go to the bathroom and when I walked out, I noticed she was talking to a guy and he was being very flirty and when I walked up to them, he asked who I was and she responded: "oh he's just my friend hahaha" and he said he wanted to grab her number to go out for a drink sometime. She was all too happy to give him the number and they hug with a kiss on the cheek before he leaves. At this point I was just over it. I wasn't that interested in her and if she's the type of person to show interest in another guy and exchange info in front of me I have no future with her.I decided to make up some random excuse to get away from her and just got in my car and drove home. I didn't want to have to deal with her company for a 40 minute drive and was over it. Oh well, I honestly feel like a bit of an asshole, but also feel it was just in a sense considering what happened....
Hi AITA. I am going to try to make this as brief as possible so I don't ramble.I dated Em for a year and a half. During this time I confided in her some personal secrets, which I don't feel comfortable sharing even anonymously. Because of these she knows that there are certain things, related to sex mostly, that I am very sensitive towards.We did not part on friendly terms after our breakup and we don't talk anymore. I broke up with her because I found out she cheated on me, and she flipped out. Recently I found out that she is seeing one of my coworkers, and that he is spreading rumors about me that she told him. She basically told him bits and pieces of the personal information I shared with her when we were together and now he's spreading some of that around the office.I sent her a message telling her to stop spreading my secrets around and to leave me alone. She replied sending me explicit videos of herself having sex with my coworker because she knew it would hurt me. That was the last straw for me, and I sent the video to all of her family and friends with the message that "this is what Em sends me when I ask her to leave me alone and stop spreading rumors."Her familly is quite religious and they lost it. Apparently, they pulled their financial support for her college and arent speaking with her atm. AITA?TL:DR my ex sent me unsolicited sexual videos when i asked her to leave me alone. I sent them to her family. AITA?Edit: Well this blew up. I'll try and answer some of the things I have seen asked most often here:1: I feel somewhat obligated to clear the air that no, the information being spread was not that I have a small dick, or anything else that was trivial. To put things as general as possible, and to give an idea of how serious the rumors being spread were, I was a victim of CSA for a period of several years, and it had a pretty profound impact on my life. It led to me doing some pretty stupid things to cope with it, as well as having a bunch of issues that I struggle with to this day (I never hurt anyone in any way, but there's some shit that I've done that I'd like to not have spread around). She has been picking and choosing the parts from my history that she feels will most hurt me to have spread around, and adding a few stories of her own here and there.2: By all of her friends and family, I meant her parents, brother, and a couple of close friends. I worded that terribly. I have not been in the best headspace as of late. Sorry.3: We have not spoken since. I have no desire to speak to her ever again. My coworker has been on sick leave (apparently) for the past couple days and I have not heard anything from him. As petty and shitty as this sounds, she can die for all I care. I have gone to bed hating myself for ever involving myself with that person ever since she cheated on me. Maybe I am an asshole too for my reaction, but she can get bent. I feel no guilt whatsoever for any shit she has to go through because of this.4: I will be speaking to my lawyer tomorrow to see what he thinks. I have the money to fight a legal case if I have to, though obviously, I would rather not.yeah. that pretty much the main things I wanted to clear up. I'll go through the thread tomorrow if I feel up to it and see if there's anything else. It's a bit of a shitshow and I'm not really emotionally in the right place to read through 1k+ comments atm
